Conservation of water has become a necessity and a duty of every individual in the world. The Conservation starts right from our home, where we all have water storages for daily usage.
But Everyday there are several problems which leads to wastage of water.
Those are :-
1.	Over flow of water leads to wastage of water, power consumption of motor.
2.	Over filling of water which leads to unwanted evaporation of water, forming algae etc..
3.	Unawareness of  water consumption by the family.
Therefore, To overcome these issues. We are going to introduce sH2O, A Smart Arduino based device that has a solution to above problems and lot more additional features. 
 sH2O Contains an Arduino UNO, ultra-sonic sensor, Wi-Fi-module , RTC Module, 5v sugar cube relay.
Working of sH2O :-
When the motor switch is ON, 
Water starts filling the tank and the real-time water level is measured using the ultrasonic sensor and given as input to the Arduino UNO Board where the level of water is calculated. When the water level reaches full, 5v sugar cube relay trigger the Motor input and will turn OFF. Also water full alert will also be sent to the smart phone.

In Addition to that, Smartphone can be used for Control and monitoring.
RTC Module – used to record every motor on action with Date and Time.
Wi-Fi Module – Transmits Data to the smart phone.
A Detailed spreadsheet and graphical is sent for user’s awareness about water consumption.

Parameters like :
1.	Motor ON/OFF Date, Time.
2.	Monthly, Weekly, Daily Water usage.
3.	Power Consumption by Motor. (Approx. consumption)
4.	Usage history.
5.	Motor running duration.

Features:-
1.	Recent Water filled date and time is recorded. 
2.	Power consumption by motor.
3.	Level indication.
4.	Auto-stopping motor using relay.
5.	Algae level indicator for cleaning water.
6.	Filling of water as per user’s desire. (Ex: 10%,20% of water)
7.	A Detailed Data of water consumption and others which is Transmitted to smartphone using Wi-Fi module.
8.	Remotely controlled using Smartphone.
